chore(docs): updating Pokeshop documentation (#1892)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/live-examples/pokeshop/use-cases/add-pokemon.md

# Pokeshop API - Add Pokemon

> This use case showcases a simple example where a user makes an API call with some data and this data is validated and persisted into a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case showcases a simple example of an API call where call data is validated and persisted into a database.
```

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Endpoint as POST /pokemon
    participant API as API
    participant Database as Postgres
    
    Endpoint->>API: request

    alt request is invalid
        API-->>Endpoint: 400 Bad Request <br> <List of errors>
    end

    API->>Database: save pokemon
    Database-->>API: saved pokemon

    API-->>Endpoint: 201 Created <br> <Pokemon object>
```

You can trigger this use case by calling the endpoint `POST /pokemon`, with the following request body:
```json
{
  "name":  "meowth",
  "type":  "normal",
  "imageUrl":  "https://assets.pokemon.com/assets/cms2/img/pokedex/full/052.png",
  "isFeatured":  true
}
```

It should return the following payload:
```json
{
  "id":  1000,
  "name":  "meowth",
  "type":  "normal",
  "imageUrl":  "https://assets.pokemon.com/assets/cms2/img/pokedex/full/052.png",
  "isFeatured":  true
}
```

> ## Building a test for this scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building a Test for This Scenario
```

Using Tracetest, we can [create a test](../../../web-ui/creating-tests.md) that will execute an API call on `POST /pokemon` and validate two properties:

> - The API should return a proper result with HTTP 201 Created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API should return a proper result with **HTTP 201 Created**.
```

> - The database should return with low latency (< 200ms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The database should return with **low latency (< 200ms)**.
```

### Traces

Running these tests for the first time will create an Observability trace like the image above, where you can see spans for the API call, validation (an API internal operation), and database calls:
![](../images/add-pokemon-trace.png)

### Assertions

With this trace, now we can build [assertions](../../../concepts/assertions.md) on Tracetest and validate the API response and the database latency:

- **The API should return a proper result with HTTP 201 Created:**
![](../images/add-pokemon-api-test-spec.png)

- **The database should return with low latency (< 200ms):**
![](../images/add-pokemon-database-test-spec.png)

> And that's all, now you can validate this entire use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can validate this entire use case.
```
